Would you like to gather valuable feedback from potential customers without even needing to send out
a survey.
I'm going to show you three different ways to do this and this will really solve this market research
problem for you.
If you feel that you can't send out a survey it just isn't something that your audience would fill.
So if you're thinking that this lecture is for you and you're going to have no more excuses.
So the first way to get feedback is actually just go ahead and talk to somebody.
Yes.
As scary as it seems talking to people can just be the most effective way to get feedback.
Now you can call people up or you can meet people in person.
But the key thing I want to say is that the questions that you'll be asking them are the same questions
that we have in our survey here.
So this is a basically a script for you to do your market research.
For example I was talking to somebody recently who said hey what's the biggest single problem you have
with your business.
And he said well I've got 18 employees and managing them is a really difficult thing to do.
And he said I asked him Well what difference would it make if you had a good solution to managing your
employees and he said what would be fantastic I could really focus on the higher level things in my
business rather than managing them and being also almost a therapist to them which is the opposite reasons
why are them in the first place to hire them to get rid of side source things.
And then I asked them well how difficult has it been for you to really manage your staff more efficiently
so that it's been very very difficult.
Hired even a staff manager.
But then they hire somebody who's poor and then I have to fire them.
So I'm I'm not getting away from this problem.
So that is a pretty serious problem and if I could develop a solution for him like maybe having a more
defined hiring process characteristics people are looking for a culture within the company that's defined
that would be extremely valuable to him so he could hand that to his hiring manager.
And there's going to be something consistent.
Similarly I could say What's your single biggest problem in your personal life.
You could say well you know what I've got a five month old baby and she doesn't sleep at night.
Well what difference would it make.
Well if I could sleep I'd be less stressed at home wouldn't fight with my wife and have more energy
for work and I could get better results.
Well that's a pretty good outcome.
And then how difficult that is being very very difficult.
We've tried different books different online courses sleep training.
It's difficult.
So if I can to develop a solution that would solve the problem for him.
There is some very clear urge and pain points some very positive outcomes.
So if I can do that well I'm going to do pretty well and sell a lot of my course or product or whatever.
So that's number one talking.
Remember you have the script now.
The second way that you can gather feedback without needing a survey is to come into a Facebook group
that you joined that has your target audience what it has come down into the search bar here and you're
going to search for some specific words that are really going to highlight some pain points of the people
in this group.
So for example a complaint is a word that you will see.
I've seen complaints here about early requests for reviews.
Now this is a group for you to be instructors.
Basically it's not important for you to know what the problems are.
But this is surface stuff.
A lot of problems that these people have blurry video screens that's kind of you to these technical
problems.
The early reviews system that's these kind of system instructors aren't happy with it.
So if I could design a way or at least inform these instructors of how to beat that early requests for
review system or how to record your videos so that they appear the best.
Well I'm going to solve a lot of people's problems and they're going to pay me or at least get their
attention that I can monetize later on.
So that is something you can do.
Complaint Heyse is another word that people time typing here you know that can surface a lot of pain
points as well.
Bottle neck is another great one as well.
That see what the surface is.
But you know what's the bottleneck for people in their business.
Various bottlenecks.
What part of course creation do you hate the most.
I hate video editing.
So again we've got that hate word there.
You've got 19 Commons people saying what all are pain problems.
Points are.
So that's another good work.
You can put in stress is maybe another word as well.
So you can find out what stress in people lives and that's going to surface a lot of pain points.
Then you can find out you know what difference would it make.
Well if I if I can do video editing faster I could make horses faster I could sell more.
And how difficult is it.
Well you're going to get a sense of that from reading the column So again keep these three questions
in mind.
Now the final way that you can gather feedback from potential customers without needing a survey is
to really look at review sites on marketplaces.
Now for example you did me is an online marketplace with a built in review system.
So if you come to any course let's just say the design game design.
Click on the first course here you can see the reviews here and if you filter down to the three star
reviews this usually is good because five star reviews they're not really complaining about much one
star reviews.
Probably too negative.
And really the three star reviews are kind of quite balanced reviews they say some good points and some
bad points so let's just have a quick look at this.
The sand could also be made more orderable.
So that's something they're introduction.
OK.
Is really low.
That seems to be a consistent problem.
Poor sound quality.
OK.
Had a program to skip certain lessons so you can come down into the reviews and have a look at what
people not like and then you can create a product that solves all those pain points and really gives
people more what they want.
Now where else do they have reviews.
Well if you're a digital product you could come to me and you want to create a course if you have a
physical product you can come to Amazon built in review system there any product in the world.
If you had a restaurant or I was thinking of setting up a certain type of restaurant you can come in
and search you know whatever it is spas in your area.
What are people giving out about what do they not like what are the pain points you can do that for
restaurants hotel Trip Adviser also has a built in review system that you can search for the type of
business that you are in and to see what people are getting out of bed and not happy about.
Other thing is for say small business.
Google has a built in review system as well so you can check it you know what are people giving out
abash in these these dental places you can come into their reviews.
Again filter them down.
Let's just look at the lowest rating and see what are the reasons that people have given this low review
and them that'll give you some ideas of the pain points that people are struggling with.
So to recap in this video what we have done is look at three different ways for you to collect customer
feedback even without needing to send out a survey.
And that was just talk to people and use these three questions as a script.
Number two was to go ahead and go into the Facebook groups and search for those keywords like complain
taste bottleneck.
And the third way is to look at these review sites and marketplaces which just have an absolute huge
amount of feedback.
And 99 percent of new entrepreneurs ignored us.
But you've got the information now so there's no excuse not to get a brilliant insight into the pain
points and the desires of your potential customers.